infoslide 1: 
Mikasa and Eren were childhood friends who fell deeply in love when they were eleven. Their relationship defined much of Mikasa’s life and sense of purpose. When they were nineteen, Eren died tragically.

motion 1: 
This house, as Mikasa, prefers a world where she never met Eren.



infoslide 2: 
A rolling stone gathers no moss' is an idiom which suggests the benefit of living a life with no roots, frequently moving to different locations, and not tying yourself down.

motion 2: 
This House Would Live Like a Rolling Stone


infoslide 3: 
A digital mind is a theoretical technology consisting of a computer-simulated brain that responds to information in the same way as an ordinary brain and possesses a sentient, conscious mind. Human-level digital minds are digital persons: computer-simulated people who are fully conscious and react to virtual events (such as virtual hunger or virtual weather) in the same way that people react to real events.

motion 3: 
This house hopes for the creation of human-level digital minds in this century.






more motions in case these have already been debated on: 

infoslide : 
Susannah is the mother of two boys, Conrad and Jeremiah, who have just completed their third year of high school. Every summer, Susannah and her husband, Adam, host their closest family friends—Laurel and her two children, Belly and Steven—at Susannah's beach house. The two families view these summers as a chosen-family tradition: the children grew up making their happiest summer memories at the beach house despite normally living several hours away from one another when school is in session. This year is especially emotionally charged because Susannah has recently realized that Conrad and Belly have quietly started to fall for each other. Shortly before the summer begins, Susannah is diagnosed with late-stage cancer. Her doctors believe that if she does not undergo aggressive treatment, this summer will almost certainly be her last. Susannah has decided to forgo treatment. She has only shared her diagnosis and decision to forgo treatment with Adam and Laurel: neither her children nor Laurel's children know.

motion: 
This house, as Susannah, would reveal her diagnosis and decision to forgo treatment to her children at the beginning of the summer rather than wait until the end of the summer to reveal them.



infoslide : 
A thick view of history holds that that the macro state of society at a given point is largely determined by overwhelming structural forces which made that state close to inevitable. A thin view of history holds that it is largely as a result of a small number of factors (e.g. events, people or processes) which could easily have been different and lead to different outcomes, making that state subject to a substantial degree of randomness.

motion : 
This house believes that history is thick rather than thin


motion: 
This house prefers a world where individuals do not experience nostalgia


info: You are wandering in the woods, and you come across a pond. There is a sign, that you intrinsically know to be true, that says "If you drink this, you will keep living as you are, unaging, and undying, for as long as there is life on this Earth. You will not be able to find this pond again."

motion: This house would drink from the pond.